Release v1.17.0 (#1437)
heremaps/here-data-sdk-cpp: CHANGELOG.md

> ## v1.17.0 (09/10/2023)

Reviewer: Update the date

**Common**
* Improved support of HTTP proxy on iOS.
* Cleaned up DNS cache on error in cURL (Android).
* Updated the `olp-cpp-sdk-core/CMakeLists.txt` to include the externals include directory.

> * Added the possibility to specify DNS using `WithDNSServers` to `olp::http::NetworkSettings` API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added the possibility to specify DNS using `WithDNSServers` to the `olp::http::NetworkSettings` API.
```

* Improved logging in `PendingUrlRequests`.

> * Added the `CallApiStream` to `olp::client::OlpClient` API.

Reviewer 3: When you write `the SOMETHING` you should specify what that something is. In this case you'd say 
`the CallApiStream THING`. 

If you don't want to call out what `CallApiStream` is, remove "the".

> * Added `CallApiStream` to `olp::client::OlpClient` API, which is using a `SAX` parser and a `JSON` byte stream to parse the layer partitions while they are downloading.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added `CallApiStream` to the `olp::client::OlpClient` API that uses the `SAX` parser and `JSON` byte stream to parse the layer partitions while they are downloading.
```

* Fixed the `boost` and `rapidjson` includes path resolution in `olp-cpp-sdk-core/CMakeLists.txt`.

> * Changed log level to `WARNING` for error message when max number of `HTTP` requests has been reached in `olp::http::SendOutcome OLPNetworkIOS`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Changed the log level to `WARNING` in the error message that is returned when the maximum number of `HTTP` requests is reached in `olp::http::SendOutcome OLPNetworkIOS`.
```

Author: Log level is the way the message is shown, not something in the message.

> * Changed the log level to `WARNING` for the error message when max number of `HTTP` requests has been reached in `olp::http::OLPNetworkIOS::Send`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Changed the log level to `WARNING` for the error message when еру max number of `HTTP` requests has been reached in `olp::http::OLPNetworkIOS::Send`.
```

> * Changed the log level to `WARNING` for the error message when max number of `HTTP` requests has been reached in `olp::http::SendOutcome OLPNetworkIOS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed the log level to `WARNING` for the error message when max number of `HTTP` requests has been reached in `olp::http::OLPNetworkIOS::Send`.
```

* Censored credentials in debug log messages for the network logs on `DEBUG` log level.
* Fixed the `rapidjson` include directory.

**olp-cpp-sdk-authentication**

> * Added ability to use custom token endpoint URL from credentials in `Settings`.

Author: Settings receives credentials in it's constructor, but token endpoint URL from that credentials was not used:
https://github.com/heremaps/here-data-sdk-cpp/commit/58f956665a3b43dd045c4fca66186dc4dbcb7e2e

> * Add status code for failed `HTTP` requests in `olp::dataservice::read::repository::PrefetchTilesRepository`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added a status code for failed `HTTP` requests in `olp::dataservice::read::repository::PrefetchTilesRepository`.
```

> * Add a status code for failed `HTTP` requests in `olp::dataservice::read::repository::PrefetchTilesRepository`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added a status code for failed `HTTP` requests in `olp::dataservice::read::repository::PrefetchTilesRepository`.
```

> * Censored credentials in log messages for the network logs on `DEBUG` log level.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Censored credentials in log messages for the network logs on the `DEBUG` log level.
```

**olp-cpp-sdk-dataservice-read**

> * Added the `repository::GetPartitionsExtendedResponse` to support requests with more than 100 partitions in `GetPartitions` API.

Reviewer 3: See the `CallApiStream` comment.

> * Added ability to use custom token endpoint URL from credentials in `olp::authentication::Settings`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added the ability to use a custom token endpoint URL from credentials in `olp::authentication::Settings`.
```

> * Added support for requests with more than 100 partitions in the `olp::dataservice::read::repository::PartitionsRepository` API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added support of requests with more than 100 partitions in the `olp::dataservice::read::repository::PartitionsRepository` API.
```

> * Added support for requests with more than 100 partitions in `olp::dataservice::read::repository::PartitionsRepository` API.
> * Added default copy and move constructors and copy and move operators to `model` namespace classes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added support for requests with more than 100 partitions in the `olp::dataservice::read::repository::PartitionsRepository` API.
* Added default copy and move constructors and operators to the `model` namespace classes.
```

**olp-cpp-sdk-dataservice-write**

> * Added default copy and move constructors and copy and move operators to `model` namespace classes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added default copy and move constructors and operators to the `model` namespace classes.
```

## v1.17.0 (09/10/2023)

**Common**
* Improved support of HTTP proxy on iOS.

> * Cleaned up  DNS cache on error in CURL (Android).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Cleaned up DNS cache on error in CURL (Android).
```

> * Moved all jobs to Github Actions.

Reviewer: Usually we omit CI related changes, as they are part of infrastructure

> * Fixed cmake scripts.

Reviewer: What exactly is being fixed?
```suggestion
* Fixed CMake scripts.
```

> * Added possibility to specify DNS in network request.

Reviewer: Please specify the exact API, e.g. `olp::http::NetworkSettings::WithDNSServers`

> * Added possibility to specify DNS in network request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added the possibility to specify DNS in network requests.
```

* Improved logging in PendingUrlRequests.

> * Added StreamLayerPartitions API.

Reviewer: Again specify where this API

> * Fixed the CMakeLists file.

Reviewer: What is fixed here?

Reviewer 2: `CMakeLists`

> * Fix to show more log info in prod build.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixed the logging output. Now, more logging information is displayed in the production build.
```

> * Censored credentials in debug log messages.

Reviewer: Only for the network logs and debug level

> * Fixed the rapidjson include directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixed the `rapidjson` include directory.
```

**olp-cpp-sdk-authentication**

> * Used custom token endpoint url from credentials.

Reviewer: More information: credentials file, what token endpoint there

Reviewer 2: URL

**olp-cpp-sdk-dataservice-read**

> * Changed the GetPartitions API.

Reviewer: What exactly was changed here?

> * Changed the GetPartitions API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Changed the `GetPartitions` API.
```

> * Fixed the incorrect condition.

Reviewer: What condition?

> * Fixed the stream is not closed issue.

Reviewer: This one could be omitted as it related to streaming API - technically this feature was not released yet

> * Fixed rule of five violation.

Reviewer: Please add more information

**olp-cpp-sdk-dataservice-write**

> * Fixed rule of five violation.

Reviewer: Please add more information
